Job Req ID: JR161706



Our Commitment to Students At Canadian Tire, we are committed to providing students with a supportive and collaborative environment that fosters knowledge sharing and offers key experiences to help them develop their capabilities through projects and objectives. We believe in setting specific and measurable goals that align with our business objectives to support learning and help students achieve their full potential. Our culture emphasizes learning from others, continuous improvement, agility, growth, and innovation, and we are invested in building a talented, diverse workforce for the future of Canada and Canadian Tire. Additionally, we are dedicated to building strong relationships with our student employees by engaging with them throughout their education and career pursuits and creating opportunities for ongoing communication and relationship building.


What you'll do
Promote and support data governance and data management standards, policies, procedures, and controls across the organisation.

Assess the current state of the data environment to identify improvement opportunities, including inefficient table structures, ineffective load processes, redundant, obsolete, or trivial (R.O.T.) data, and metadata or reference data gaps.

Proactively monitor data, metadata, and reference data, and support the data stewardship community in addressing data quality and data integrity issues.

Maintain data models and supporting artefacts, including data glossaries, catalogues, data mappings, data lineage, classifications, and related documentation.

Support data integration initiatives by acting as a liaison between IT, business data owners and stewards, and subject matter experts; perform data profiling and data discovery as required.

Maintain clear and open communication with data stakeholders across the data lifecycle, from producers to consumers, and actively support the Bank's data governance framework.


Who you are
A clear and confident communicator with the ability to explain technical concepts to varied audiences.

A curious and creative thinker who identifies opportunities and can reason through abstract ideas.

A goal?driven individual with a strong interest in continuous improvement.

A collaborative team member who builds positive working relationships across functions.

Flexible and adaptable, with the ability to prioritise work in response to changing business needs.

Technically grounded, with a willingness to learn and apply new tools and concepts.

Demonstrates transparency, accountability, agility, and openness to learning from others.

We're always looking for great talent! In addition to competitive pay, we offer:

Career growth opportunities and product discounts





Broadband Salary Range: $23.00- $37.00.



Our typical hiring range is between $23.00 and $30.00 CAD Hourly. Salary decisions are also dependent on other factors such as your experience, job-related knowledge, skills and competencies, market location, industry benchmarks, internal equity and other role-specific requirements.



#LI-CD1

This posting represents an existing vacancy within our organization.


We may use artificial intelligence tools as part of our recruitment process to assist in the initial screening of resumes. All hiring decisions, including candidate evaluation, selection, and disposition, are made by human recruiters.



About Us



At Canadian Tire Services Limited/Canadian Tire Bank, it is our mandate to continue to create innovative and rewarding financial solutions for our customers. Our growing suite of products and services showcase the dynamic contributions from our employees and our success is driven by a strong vision, loyal customers, and our ability to build teams that reflect the diverse customers and communities in which we live and work. Join us, where there's a place for you here.



Our Commitment to Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging



We are committed to fostering an environment where belonging thrives, and diversity, inclusion and equity are infused into everything we do. We believe in building an organizational culture where people are consistently treated with dignity while respecting individual religion, nationality, gender, race, age, perceived ability, spoken language, sexual orientation, and identification. We are united in our purpose of being here to help make life in Canada better. .



Accommodations



We stand firm in our Core Value that inclusion is a must. We welcome and encourage candidates from equity-seeking groups such as people who identify as racialized, Indigenous, 2SLGBTQIA+, women, people with disabilities, and beyond. Should you require any accommodation in applying for this role, or throughout the interview process, please make them known when contacted and we will work with you to help meet your needs.

What you've done
Currently enrolled in a Computer Science or related academic programme.

Proficient Microsoft Office user, including Visio, PowerPoint, Excel, and Word.

Foundational knowledge of programming concepts and languages.

Hands?on experience with structured relational databases and writing SQL queries; experience with Oracle databases is preferred.

Exposure to one or more of the following tools or technologies is considered an asset:
Hive, Snowflake, Python, R, shell scripting, SAS, basic Linux commands, Databricks, IBM Knowledge Catalog.